when Moses went up from the plains of
Moab to Mount Nebo to the top of Pisgah
which is across from Jericho and the
Lord showed him all the land of Gilead
as far as Dan all Naphtali and the land
of ephraim and manasseh all the land of
Judah as far as the western sea the
south and the plain of the valley of
Jericho the city of palm trees as far as
Zola then the Lord said to him this is
the land of which I swore to give
Abraham Isaac and Jacob saying I will
give it to your descendants I have
caused you to see it with your eyes but
you shall not cross over there
so Moses the servant of the Lord died
there in the land of Moab according to
the word of the Lord and he buried him
in a valley in the land of Moab opposite
death peel but no one knows his grave to
this day
Moses was 120 years old when he died his
eyes were not dim nor his natural vigour
diminished and the children of Israel
wept for Moses in the plains of Moab 30
days so the days of weeping and mourning
for Moses ended now Joshua the son of
nun was full of the spirit of wisdom for
Moses had laid his hands on him so the
children of Israel heeded him and did as
the Lord had commanded Moses but since
then there has not arisen in Israel a
prophet like Moses whom the Lord knew
face to face in all the signs and
wonders which the Lord sent him to do in
the land of Egypt before Pharaoh before
all his servants and in all his land and
by all that mighty power and all the
great terror which Moses performed in
the sight of all Israel